https://codepen.io/sdelpercio/pen/NWPPddV


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is mark up language that has meaning.

2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to mark up a web page with the bare content. For example, HTML would be the the framing, floor, and roof of a house.

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is a modifier for an html element. We put attributes inside of the opening tag of an element.

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used to create a large font title. H1 tags should only be used once per page.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The <a> and <input> tags both have required attributes.

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    In the head of the HTML document we put any links to external CSS sheets, or other references such as fonts or images.

7. What is an id? 
    An id is an attribute to denote an element with a signifier that can only be used once per page.

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    An id can be added to any html element, as long as it is the only one.

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    You can only used the same id on a page once.

10. What is a class? 
    A class is similar to an id, but can be used to apply styles to multiple elements in html.

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    A class can be added to any element you want.

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    You can use the same class however many times you want on a page.

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    to get a link to open in a new tab you would use this attribute: target="_blank"

14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    The alt attribute is used to give an image an alternative descriptor in case the image does not load.

15. How do I reference an id?
    To reference an id you would use the hashtag symbol '#' before the name of the id.

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is used to identify a block of content on a web page, whereas a div can be used to divide a title from a paragraph, or any number of types of content.

17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to dress a website up in order for it to look good.

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    You can select an element by simply writing the name of the element followed by curly braces. Such as: h2 {}

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An id can be used only once on an element, versus a class which can be used multiple times on elements. You would use an id when you need to select just one title for instance.
    You would use a class when you want to apply css to multiple different elements, such as creating cards for a website.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    To select a class in CSS you use a period in front of the class name.

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    To select a p element with a single class of "human" you would do this: .human {}

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A parent child selector selects all children to a certain parent. This would be useful to select all list items in a particular unordered list.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    To select all links within a div with the class of sidebar, you would use: .sidebar a {}

24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector is a selector that changes the state of the selected element.

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    To change the spacing between lines you would use: line-height: 5px;

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    To change the spacing between letters you would use: letter-spacing: 5px;

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    To change everything to capitals, you would use: text-transform: uppercase;
    To change everything to lowercase, you would use: text-transform: lowercase;
    To change everything to capitalized, you would use: text-transform: capitalize;

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {}

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    To find out which file you are in use 'pwd' and press enter on the command line.

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    Use 'ls' to see a list of files/folders in current folder.

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    To remove a file use 'rm *filename*'. There is no popup to ensure you want to do this, so you must be careful.

34. Why should I use version control? 
    You should use version control to be able to document changes made to a project and to edit the same file(s) as your coworkers at the same time and merge changes.

35. How often should I commit to github?
    You should commit to github every 20 minutes or so.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    a. go to project github and fork it
    b. set collaborator as your TL 
    c. clone repository, copying https address, and using git clone 'address' to clone to local drive
    d. branch project using git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
    e. make changes to project
    f. make sure to 'git add .' and 'git commit -m "message"' every so often.
    g. push commits to github using 'git push -u origin branch-name'
    h. open new pull request using my branch name, and change base repository to my branch
    i. add my TL to the reviewers
    j. click create pull request and wait for TL to approve merge

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Inline elements reside on the same line as other content in their same divider. Block elements go to a new line down vertically from other content.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        This element will be locked in place relative to where it's parent container is.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 